Improve TotalConnect instructions (#19681)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/totalconnect.markdown

The `totalconnect` integration provides connectivity with TotalConnect alarm systems used by many alarm companies.

> ## Setup TotalConnect User

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites
```

> Login to the [TotalConnect website](https://totalconnect2.com) and create a "standard" Total Connect user account specifically for use with Home Assistant. It should not have full administrative privileges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log in to the [TotalConnect website](https://totalconnect2.com) and create a "standard" Total Connect user account specifically for use with Home Assistant. It should not have full administrative privileges.
```
